Add ossec.conf references (#6249)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/office365/monitoring-office365-activity.rst

Next, we will see the options we have to configure for the Wazuh integration.

> Proceed to configure the ``office365`` module in the Wazuh manager or in the Wazuh agent. To configure manager and agent, check the :doc:`/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/index` documentation. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by Office 365 audit-log. In this case, we will only search for the ``Audit.SharePoint`` type events within an interval of ``1m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the module was started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the ``office365`` module either in the Wazuh manager or the Wazuh agent by modifying the :doc:`ossec.conf </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/index>` configuration file. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by Office 365 audit-log. In this case, we will only search for the ``Audit.SharePoint`` type events within an interval of ``1m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the module was started:
```

        </subscriptions>
    </office365>

> Check :ref:`office365-module` reference documentation for the module references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For module references, check the :ref:`office365-module` module documentation.
```
